[Leap]: Add approaches (#575)
exercism/crystal: exercises/practice/leap/.approaches/introduction.md

Reviewer: The two approaches are a bit similar. Perhaps a third approach  using case or if/else is warranted.

Author: I feel like using if/else is using unnecessary syntax since they require a boolean and you could return that boolean instead of throwing it in a condition.

Although I might justify a solution like this one:

```crystal
module Year
  def self.leap?(year)
    case year
    when .divisible_by? 400
      true
    when .divisible_by? 100
      false
    when .divisible_by? 4
      true
    else
      false
    end
  end
end
```

It is quite a long solution, but where it shines is just how readable and easy to understand the solution.

Another interesting solution is:

```crystal
module Year
  extend self
  RULES = [
    p_divisible_by?(4),
    p_or(
      p_negate(p_divisible_by?(100)),
      p_divisible_by?(400)),
  ]
  def leap?(year) : Bool
    RULES.map(&.call(year)).all?(&.itself)
  end
  def p_divisible_by?(num : Int32) : Proc(Int32, Bool)
    ->(year : Int32) { year.divisible_by?(num) }
  end
  def p_negate(test : Proc(A, Bool)) : Proc(A, Bool) forall A
    ->(input : A) { !test.call(input) }
  end
  def p_or(a : Proc(A, Bool), b : Proc(A, Bool)) : Proc(A, Bool) forall A
    ->(input : A) { a.call(input) || b.call(input) }
  end
end
```

But I feel like that is making the problem rather complex and perhaps doesn't add too much value. So I will add the case solution if there is no objection.

Reviewer: If I had to pick one or the other, I'd choose the second one. It adds complexity, but it's worthwhile to highlight even if it's not idiomatic.

Author: I would call it idiomatic, it is just very verbose.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer the first one :)

# Introduction

There are various ways to solve **leap**.
Crystal has a leap method built in into the `Time` module (leap_year?).

> This exercise aims at practicing boolean logic thereby that method has been blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this method is disabled for this specific exercise because our intent is for you to practice Boolean logic.
```

> But for all other purposes when dealing with time should the built-in method be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the built-in`leap_year?`  method should be used in idiomatic Crystal code.
```

## General guidance

> The goal of this exercise is to use various boolean logic to respond to if a year is a leap year or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this exercise is to use various Boolean logic to respond to if a year is a leap year or not.
```

## Approach: Using `divisible_by?`

> This is the most exemplar solution, and is the same way as the [`leap_year?`][leap-year] method is implemented (as of Crystal 1.11).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the most idiomatic approach. The built-in [`leap_year?`][leap-year] method is implemented using this approach (as of Crystal 1.11).
```

`divisible_by?` offers a clear indication of what the method does and is easy to read.
Compared to using `number % 4 == 0` which is harder to read and understand.

> Although `%` can get the remainder which `divisible_by?` can't.

Reviewer: Neither `%` nor the concept of a  remainder was introduced. Perhaps we could add a single sentence here and a link to Wikipedia about modulo.

```crystal
module Year
  def self.leap?(year : Number) : Bool
    year.divisible_by?(4) && (year.divisible_by?(400) || !year.divisible_by?(100))
  end
end
```

For more information, check the [`divisible_by?` approach][approach-divisible_by].

## Approach: Using `%` (modulus)

> Using `%` is a great way to check if a number is dividable by another and/or to get the rest of a division.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `%` is a great way to check if a number is divisible by another and/or to get the rest of a division.
```
